chore: Adding a tip for Response Format Spring AI Orchestration Service (#253)
SAP/ai-sdk: docs-java/spring-ai/orchestration.mdx

Translation translation = cl.prompt(prompt).call().entity(Translation.class);
```

<details>

>   <summary>Tip: For more reliability, add this format </summary>
> 
> ```java
> var client = new OrchestrationChatModel();

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <summary>Tip: For more reliability, add this config </summary>

```java
```
